MVC Model View Controller
views are where we make our
HTML templates that a user will see and
models are how we describe our data
structure and we use them to interact
with the database so the last piece of
the puzzle is controllers now
controllers will be the thing that forms
the link between our models and our
views they're like the middlemen that
use models to get data and then pass
that data into a view now we've actually
already done that directly in our route
handlers right but the idea of using
controllers is that we just extract
those handler functions into a separate
controller file then we can just
reference those controller functions in
our routes file again though you don't
have to do this the idea behind this is
just to make our code easier to manage
and to understand we're just splitting
our code into different areas of files
and then each area of file has its own
job to do so our route file matches
incoming requests and it passes those
requests to the correct controller
function a controller communicates with
the appropriate model to get data into a
view and then the view then renders that
data into its template and it gets sent
to the browser